[ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. CDC twenty four seven. Saving
Lives, Protecting People Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. CDC
twenty four seven. Saving Lives, Protecting People ](/)

Search __ __

Submit __

For a full list of topics: [A-Z Index](https://www.cdc.gov/az/)

Advanced Search

Advanced Search

[Coronavirus Disease 2019
(COVID-19)](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-nCoV/index.html)

[Coronavirus Disease 2019
(COVID-19)](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-nCoV/index.html)

## CDC COVID Data Tracker

Maps, charts, and data provided by the CDC

__

The CDC COVID-19 Data Tracker has a new look and location to make the data
easier to find and use. All previous data remains and will be updated on the
same schedule. Please update bookmarks and links.

Also, as of 8/27, the Tracker includes correctional facility information, NIH
Vulnerability Index data, and upgraded testing information.

View Data For:

##

  * Case Trends __
    * Cases and Deaths by State
    * Trends
    * Compare Trends
    * Demographics
    * Cases and Deaths by County
    * Forecasting
    * Trends in ED Visits
  * Laboratory __
    * Testing
    * Serology Surveillance
  * Community Impact __
    * Mobility
    * Social Impact
    * School Closures
  * Unique Populations __
    * Healthcare Personnel
    * Pandemic Vulnerability Index
    * Correctional Facilities
    * Underlying Medical Conditions
  * COVID-19 Home __

[ Menu __ ](javascript:void\(0\);)

##

###

[View and Download COVID-19 Case Surveillance Public Use Data](
https://data.cdc.gov/Case-Surveillance/COVID-19-Case-Surveillance-Public-Use-
Data/vbim-akqf)

[ ![Web Analytics](https://cdc.112.2o7.net/b/ss/cdcgov/1/H.21--NS/01/H.21--
NS/0) ](https://www.adobe.com)

**HAVE QUESTIONS?**

[Visit CDC-INFO](https://www.cdc.gov/cdc-info/index.html)

Call 800-232-4636

[Email CDC-INFO](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/dcs/contactus/form)

[Open 24/7](https://www.cdc.gov/cdc-info/index.html)

**CDC INFORMATION**

  * [About CDC](https://www.cdc.gov/about/default.htm)
  * [Jobs](https://jobs.cdc.gov)
  * [Funding](https://www.cdc.gov/funding)
  * [Policies](https://www.cdc.gov/Other/policies.html)
  * [File Viewers & Players](https://www.cdc.gov/other/plugins/index.html)

  * [Privacy](https://www.cdc.gov/other/privacy.html)
  * [FOIA](https://www.cdc.gov/od/foia)
  * [No Fear Act](https://www.cdc.gov/eeo/nofearact/index.htm)
  * [OIG](https://oig.hhs.gov)
  * [Nondiscrimination](https://www.cdc.gov/other/nondiscrimination.html)
  * [Accessibility](https://www.cdc.gov/contact/accessibility.html)

**CONNECT WITH CDC**  

  * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/CDC)
  * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/CDCgov)
  * [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/CDCgov/)
  * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention)
  * [Snapchat](https://www.snapchat.com/add/cdcgov)
  

  * [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/user/CDCstreamingHealth)
  * Syndicate
  * [CDC TV](https://www.cdc.gov/cdctv)
  * [RSS](https://tools.cdc.gov/podcasts/rss.asp)
  * [Email](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/dcs/RequestForm.aspx)

[U.S. Department of Health & Human Services](https://www.hhs.gov)

[USA.gov](https://www.usa.gov/)

[CDC Website Exit Disclaimer](https://www.cdc.gov/Other/disclaimer.html)
external icon

Skip to main content

  * [ Contact Us __ __ ](/contact)
  * [ ![Vantage logo](/themes/custom/evaluate18/assets/images/_dev/evaluate_vantage_logo_neg_100px.png) Sign Up  ](/vantage/signup)
  * [ Subscriber Sign In  __ ](https://app.evaluate.com/)

__ Switch language

  * [English](/covid-19-daily-update)
  * [Japanese](/jp/node/15638)

![Evaluate Logo](/themes/custom/evaluate18/assets/images/misc/logo--without-
tagline.svg)

## navigation

サイト内検索

__

  * [ COVID-19 ](/covid-19-daily-update)

    * [ COVID-19 Update ](/covid-19-daily-update)
    * [ COVID-19 EventAnalyzer ](/covid-19-eventanalyzer)
    * [ Evaluate Vantage COVID-19 Report ](/thought-leadership/vantage/evaluate-vantage-covid-19-report)
    * [ COVID-19 Stories from Evaluate Vantage ](/vantage/topics/diseases-and-illnesses/covid-19)
    * [ Evaluate’s Business Continuity Plan ](/about-us/covid-19-preparedness-plan)

  * [ What We Do ](/what-we-do)

    * [ Commercial Intelligence ](/products-services/consensus-forecasts)
    * [ Products ](/products-services)

      * [ EvaluatePharma ](/products-services/pharma/evaluatepharma)
      * [ EvaluatePharma Vision ](/products-services/pharma/evaluatepharma-vision)
      * [ Japan Drug Forecasts ](/products-services/evaluatepharma/japan-drug-forecasts)
      * [ European Drug Forecasts ](/products-services/evaluatepharma/european-drug-forecasts)
      * [ Epi Analyzer ](/products-services/evaluatepharma/epi-analyzer)

    * [ Evaluate Custom Solutions ](/products-services/custom-solutions)
    * [ Evaluate Vantage ](/vantage)

      * [ News ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news)
      * [ Analysis ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/analysis)
      * [ Policy & Pricing ](/vantage/topics/policy-and-pricing)
      * [ Data Insights ](/vantage/articles/data-insights)
      * [ Events ](/vantage/articles/events)
      * [ Medtech ](/vantage/topics/medtech-tags/medtech)
      * [ Therapy Areas ](/vantage/therapy-area-topics)
      * [ Editorial Team ](/vantage/editorial-team)
      * [ About Evaluate Vantage ](/vantage/about-vantage)

  * [ How We Can Help You ](/products-services/how-we-can-help-you)

    * [ Pharma and Biotech ](/products-services/how-we-can-help-you/pharma-biotech)
    * [ Medtech ](/products-services/how-we-can-help-you/medtech)
    * [ Financial Services ](/products-services/how-we-can-help-you/financial-services)
    * [ Management Consultancies ](/products-services/how-we-can-help-you/management-consultancies)
    * [ Service Providers ](/products-services/how-we-can-help-you/service-providers)
    * [ Customer Testimonials ](/products-services/customer-testimonials)

  * [ Thought Leadership ](/thought-leadership)
  * [ About Us ](/about)

    * [ Press Releases ](/about/media/press-releases)
    * [ Media Coverage ](/about/media/media-coverage)
    * [ Executive Team ](/about/executive-team)
    * [ Vision & History ](/about/vision-and-history)
    * [ Careers ](/careers)

      * [ Current Vacancies ](/careers/job-vacancies)

  * [ Contact Us ](/contact)
  * [ Sign Up for Evaluate Vantage ](/vantage/signup)
  * [ Subscriber Sign In ](http://app.evaluate.com/)

Search

__

## Evaluate's COVID-19 Update

Data-driven analysis of new COVID-19 cases in the world's top 20 economies.

![Thumbnail](/sites/default/files/styles/lead_t/public/Virus%20Image.jpeg?h=41
c1a581&itok=zbphk3AL)

Covid-19 Update: 12th August 2020

More than 20 million people have now been infected with the novel coronavirus,
and nearly 750,000 have died.

[

![Thumbnail](/sites/default/files/styles/lead_t/public/Stock%20Market.jpeg?h=a
141e9ea&itok=f2o9323i)

Read the latest Evaluate Vantage stories on COVID-19

Keep up-to-date with this compilation of all stories on COVID-19 from the
Evaluate Vantage team, including the latest news.

](/vantage/topics/diseases-and-illnesses/covid-19)

# Covid-19 Update

_Data are updated daily at 4pm BST. Commentary is updated weekly. Last
commentary update August 12th, 2020. _

August 12: In the last week there has been little evidence to assuage new
fears of a resurgence of the coronavirus. More than 250,000 new cases were
reported worldwide today, and the number of global infections now stands at
20.3 million. The total number of deaths is almost 750,000.

The US continues to lead the world in terms of seven-day average cases and
total number of dead – though with 46,813 new cases reported today there seems
to have been a slight improvement from the seven-day average of 52,874.
Whether this positive trend continues remains to be seen. Meanwhile there has
been no let-up in the seven-day average of new cases for Brazil and India,
meaning infection rates in both countries are still climbing.

**Round up of cases and deaths**

**Worldwide** – The number of new cases worldwide is accelerating, with more than 1.5 million new infections since last week. Previously global infections rates had been running at about a million new cases per week, lending further credence to the fears of a second wave of cases. 

**US **– As predicted last week the US has surpassed the five million mark for total Covid-19 infections. As of today, the coronavirus has caused the deaths of more than 166,000 Americans. Despite this the US is preparing to open schools in time for the autumn term. 

**Europe **– Infections rates have slowly started to rise once more in Europe, prompting individual governments to take action. In the French capital citizens have been ordered to wear face coverings outdoors. The sharp rise in cases in the Belgian capital Brussels has also prompted a move to make wearing a face covering mandatory. The infection rate per capita in Brussels now means it is one of the worst affected cities in Europe.

**Latin America**  –  More than 100,000 people have now died of Covid-19 in Brazil as the humanitarian disaster there continues. Neither is the country showing any sign of a slowdown in new infections, which hit 52,160 today. Mexico’s total death rate has overtaken that of the UK, making the country the third worst in the world for Covid-19 mortality. 

**Asia **– India continues to bear the brunt of Covid-19 on the continent with total cases now over two million, cementing its position as the third worst hit country in the world. Vietnam, a major success story in containing the coronavirus, having closed its borders back in March and conducted widespread contact-tracing and testing nationwide, has seen a sudden and unexplained outbreak in Da Nang. The jump in cases after 99 straight days with no local transmissions resulted this week in the city’s first Covid-19 death. 

**ROW **– Russia is about to hit 900,000 infections, so the vaccine that its Ministry of Health approved yesterday is much needed – though whether it will actually work is still unknown given that it has been tested in just 76 people. Australia has also seen infection rates rise, with the state of Victoria bearing the brunt of new cases and deaths, despite strict lockdown rules that have seen the closure of some shops and night time curfews. Once thought to be free of Covid-19, New Zealand has reported four new infections following more than 100 days in which no new cases were pinpointed, prompting the government to lock down the city of Auckland for three days, starting today.  

**Coronavirus in top 20 economic powers**

**Country**
**Total cases**
**Total deaths**
**New daily cases: reported on 1 September**
**Daily cases: reported on 31 August**
**New daily cases: 7-day avg **
**New cases vs 7-day average**

World

25,509,135

854,507

234,035

245,079

262,774

Down

United States of America

6,031,013

185,261

33,850

35,581

41,443

Down

Brazil

3,908,272

121,788

45,961

16,158

40,773

Up

India

3,691,166

65,148

69,921

78,512

74,835

Down

Russia

995,319

17,129

4,993

4,980

4,832

Up

Mexico

599,560

64,485

3,719

4,129

5,122

Down

Spain

462,858

29,258



23,572

8,384



United Kingdom

335,873

41,729

1,406

1,715

1,323

Up

Saudi Arabia

315,772

3,898

951

910

1,017

Down

France

281,025

31,402

3,082

5,413

5,167

Down

Turkey

270,133

6,402

1,587

1,482

1,492

Up

Italy

269,214

35,729

996

1,365

1,274

Down

Germany

243,599

9,494

1,218

610

1,249

Down

Indonesia

174,796

7,357

2,743

2,858

2,769

Down

Canada

128,948

9,320

1,008

267

472

Up

China

89,914

4,722

19

32

28

Down

Netherlands

70,596

6,209

525

508

505

Up

Japan

68,392

1,326

527

601

753

Down

Switzerland

42,069

1,786

163

291

301

Down

Australia

25,746

652

76

123

119

Down

South Korea

20,182

321

235

248

320

Down

_Source: ECDC as of 14:00 GMT and Evaluate research._

![Vantage logo](/sites/default/files/media/images/teasers/titles/EvaluateVanta
ge_RGB_2.png)

##

###

Weekly analysis of key industry developments, underpinned by Evaluate’s
industry data. We don’t just tell you what’s happened – we tell you what it
means for you.

[Sign up for Evaluate Vantage](/vantage/signup)

![Evaluate Vantage on
Screens](/sites/default/files/media/images/teasers/VantageScreenGrab_2.png)

We use cookies on this website. By using this site, you agree that we may
store and access cookies on your device. [Find out more.](/info/privacy-
policy)

OK

## Authors

![Thumbnail](/sites/default/files/styles/focal_point_350x350/public/Edwin_0.pn
g?h=6c83441f&itok=wuYem_Aa)

Edwin Elmhirst, Data Journalist, Evaluate Vantage

  * [ Read Edwin's profile ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/editorial-team/edwin-elmhirst)

__

![Thumbnail](/sites/default/files/styles/focal_point_350x350/public/LisaUrquha
rtStaffHeadshot.png?h=6c83441f&itok=Ya91i4r1)

Lisa Urquhart, Editor, Evaluate Vantage

  * [ Read Lisa's profile ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/editorial-team/lisa-urquhart)

__

![Thumbnail](/sites/default/files/styles/focal_point_350x350/public/Anthony_0.
png?h=6c83441f&itok=PkYXJabO)

Anthony Raeside, Chief Research Officer, Evaluate

  * [ Read Anthony's profile ](https://www.evaluate.com/about/executive-team)

__

## Editor's picks on COVID-19

  * [ "FDA authorisations for Covid-19 antibody tests stall" May 27, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/snippets/fda-authorisations-covid-19-antibody-tests-stall)

  * [ "Merck joins Covid-19 pack with vaccine and antiviral deals" May 26, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/deals/merck-joins-covid-19-pack-vaccine-and-antiviral-deals)

  * [ "FDA moves to pull certain Covid-19 antibody tests" May 22, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/snippets/fda-moves-pull-certain-covid-19-antibody-tests)

  * [ "Astrazeneca moves to upstage Moderna in Covid-19 vaccines" May 21, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/deals/astrazeneca-moves-upstage-moderna-covid-19-vaccines)

  * [ "Covid-19 takes a toll on medtech’s first quarter" May 21, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/corporate-strategy/covid-19-takes-toll-medtechs-first-quarter)

  * [ "Aldeyra redirects pipeline projects at Covid-19" May 20, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/snippets/aldeyra-redirects-pipeline-projects-covid-19)

  * [ "Moderna reminds the markets of biotech’s dual purpose" May 19, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/trial-results/moderna-reminds-markets-biotechs-dual-purpose)

  * [ "At-home Covid-19 testing takes another leap" May 18, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/snippets/home-covid-19-testing-takes-another-leap)

  * [ "Covid-19 excitement masks Sorrento’s disastrous capital structure" May 18, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/snippets/covid-19-excitement-masks-sorrentos-disastrous-capital-structure)

  * [ "Abbott’s speedy Covid-19 test comes under fire" May 15, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/policy-and-regulation/abbotts-speedy-covid-19-test-comes-under-fire)

  * [ "Quidel wins the Covid-19 antigen test race" May 11, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/policy-and-regulation/quidel-wins-covid-19-antigen-test-race)

  * [ "Can Gilead make remdesivir pay?" May 04, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/analysis/vantage-views/can-gilead-make-remdesivir-pay)

  * [ "Roche takes on Abbott in Covid-19 antibody testing" May 04, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/policy-and-regulation/roche-takes-abbott-covid-19-antibody-testing)

  * [ "Lonza to do the heavy lifting for Moderna’s Covid-19 vaccine" May 01, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/deals/lonza-do-heavy-lifting-modernas-covid-19-vaccine)

  * [ "Resmed’s sales jump thanks to Covid-19 and the FDA" May 01, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/snippets/resmeds-sales-jump-thanks-covid-19-and-fda)

  * [ "The crucial trials Medtronic has had to pause" May 01, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/corporate-strategy/crucial-trials-medtronic-has-had-pause)

  * [ "Remdesivir results pile up, but what do they all mean?" Apr 30, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/trial-results/remdesivir-results-pile-what-do-they-all-mean)

  * [ "Astrazeneca joins the Covid-19 vaccine push" Apr 30, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/snippets/astrazeneca-joins-covid-19-vaccine-push)

  * [ "Asco 2020 starts to take shape" Apr 30, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/snippets/asco-2020-starts-take-shape)

  * [ "The winds change again for Gilead and remdesivir" Apr 29, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/trial-results/winds-change-again-gilead-and-remdesivir)

  * [ "Long term forecasts confirm Keytruda’s dominance" Apr 29, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/data-insights/long-term-forecasts-confirm-keytrudas-dominance)

  * [ "Merck breaks ranks with Covid-19 downgrade" Apr 28, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/snippets/merck-breaks-ranks-covid-19-downgrade)

  * [ "The FDA waves through more antibody tests" Apr 27, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/snippets/fda-waves-through-more-antibody-tests)

  * [ "Kevzara's Covid-19 setback shows need for hard evidence" Apr 27, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/trial-results/kevzaras-covid-19-setback-shows-need-hard-evidence)

  * [ "One leak good, two leaks bad for Gilead" Apr 24, 2020 ](https://www.evaluate.com/vantage/articles/news/trial-results/one-leak-good-two-leaks-bad-gilead)

[Open modal](/vantage/signup)

![](/themes/custom/evaluate/images/evaluate_logo_white.svg)

Evaluate HQ  
[44-(0)20-7377-0800](tel:+44\(0\)20-7377-0800)

Evaluate Americas  
[+1-617-573-9450](tel:+1-617-573-9450)

Evaluate APAC  
[+81-(0)80-1164-4754](tel:+81 \(0\)80-1164-4754)

## Footer menu

  * [Terms and Conditions](/info/terms-and-conditions)
  * [Privacy Policies](/info/privacy-policy)
  * [Cookie Policy](/info/cookies)

  * __
  * __
  * __

(C) Copyright 2020 Evaluate Ltd.

